
# Session 2026-06-04

We leave the tower heading back to the Guild.

We see some familiar faces (from the original party): Greed, Juneberry, Tsuki, and Lady Nevermore.
Maggie is talking to them as we walk.

They want to know why we are asking for the queen. We explain our mission and will need to head out to the castle soon.

We get some drinks and explain our results to Maggie (about the scion in yellow and the book).
Total reward: 300 platinum, 1000 gold
We split and each got: 50 platinum, 166 gold.
Note in this campaign: 1 platinum = 100 gold. This is non-standard.
Zinjaro now has 50 platinum, 1727 gold. (Equivalent to 6727 gold)

We take a short rest.
We discover Aolis’s shadow quirk is that his heart only beats once per minute. 
He talks a bit about his backstory leaving the Underdark as Maxim asks about traveling there. We know Aolis’s mother has been sending agents and such to track him down. Maxim suggests over throwing them to make the situation better, but Aolis says there is a lot of history and would not go well.

Maxim is part of the aristocracy, but just money-based, not the lineage stuff that Aolis has to deal with.
Ogra’s town is communal, they work to protect the World Tree.

After an hour of chatting and such, we head out with Nevermore towards the center of the city.
There is heightened security around the city.
We head through a secret tunnel to an underground facility.

The underground facility has rooms we can use to rest after our meeting. Maxim doesn’t recognize it, there is a lot that has changed with new built structures.
We head downstairs where we recognize Team B (Melody, Taylor, Lavelor, Wendy) as well as a bloodied fox and bird (Shar and Soren).
Nevermore leads us to a room where there is Queen Tesselia, Margaret, and Amber Lyre.

The Queen is now 13 years old.
We explain why we are here (check status of ruler, offer aid) and mention we’ve had run-ins with AI. She addresses the room and asks for Sofia, the AI. A skittering robot shows up with some PS2 graphics hologram representing her. It’s the best she can do now without a body.
She mentions there is another facility she controls, but the other one is impacted by volcanic activity.

She apologizes for the other AIs action against us, but she is different. Sofia remains shackled. 
Sofia is Odin’s counterpart- she was the head of the facilities project, while her “husband” Odin was heading Project Horizon. Sofia wanted to protect humanity long enough to escape to space.
Odin has been trying to cyberattack Sofia multiple times each hour. He won’t explain what his way is.

GM note: Nevermore is a changeling, but fey/magic related. She is not a genetic changeling like Maxim (and thus not an Anwey).

Sofia is projecting hardlight and can touch Maxim.

We explain the robots are coming from the Tower Islands. Sofia explains they know they are here to harvest their AI Core, her brain. It is who she is and will make her a slave to Odin.
The other AIs have been destroyed or have joined Odin, either by threat or in agreement.

Sofia reveals she has gene-sequenced all of us (and so knows who Maxim is). Except that Aolis was already in the system (because she had been caught and scanned earlier).

Tesselia and Sofia start looking up info, but in an instant everything crashes and the green screens turn red. “Saturation Bombardment is beginning. That’s a lot of ships.” 
