# Session: 2024-02-22

Tide Preacher Nevanda  
Her Elegance Queen Elnsasha

We’re led to a castle to meet the queen  
It’s a forward fortification, not much maintained except to keep it standing

We are shown to the queen; there are many guards  
Elnsasha and Nevanda are sisters\!

We talk about the nature of the quakes, the queen is convinced the pale ones (goblins) are the cause  
The quake originated from beneath this Way Castle  
Gnash wants to see the epicenter

We are led to the Undergarden  
A proper earthquake would have destroyed the Way Castle

The ground starts to rumble- a large earth elemental shows up\!  
Nevanda is organizing an evacuation while we keep the elemental occupied.  
Two more elementals show up to the fight.

We finish the fight and head back out- there is a bloodbath out there.  
More elementals were outside and hurt some of the merfolk.

Retreat to Tide Chapel  
Gnash takes a piece of an elemental for showing it to the goblins

Queen hands us a metal badge- star with water droplet  
It’s a sign of her protection against the crustacean pirates

We head back to the encampment  
We feel it’s a couple of miles to the Way Castle, but not exactly sure

We show the elemental head to Malec and convince her it's the source of the quakes  
The let the dwarven prisoners free

There is a massive earthquake  
A massive elemental comes out of the water in the distance  
It then lights on fire as lava pours out

Dumo’s nature check:  
It’s a combination of a fire+earth elemental- a magma elemental  
Never been seen outside the elemental planes  
Once in a multi-generational situation  
Titanic sized creature

History: this is “The Mountain”

The goblins appear to be going to do a ritual, they don’t want us here for that  
We use the sending scroll to let the merfolk (Nevada) know. They are fleeing, their citadel was destroyed. They’re hoping they won't be attacked when they reach the shore.

We help the dwarves up.  
The upper tribe of goblins are around a drained magma chamber, they are throwing everything they have at it.

We reach the encampment and flee the area. We send a message to Nevermore, just in case, but they are unlikely to be affected.  
We have the ore and the horse. We start making our way back.

We level up to 6\!
