# Session: 2024-01-25

We are joined by a new person- Koi playing Soten (Radiant Soul Monk)

We reach the encampment at Hollow Mountain and are let in  
Seems like a hastily constructed setup, not a stronghold  
There was some kind of accident, some people 

Juneberry blurts out “Another rodent\!” (Soten is a Raccling, like a red panda)  
We introduce ourselves  
Gruff, an elderly dwarf, walks up to Soten  
He wants us to go investigate the missing dwarves  
Soten doesn’t trust us

Bandit raids have been happening, have blocked shipment, and captured people.  
Gnash stays behind as part of a deal to keep the other folk protected

Not clear of the cause of the accident.  
Dwarvish woman- Loralai, Captain of the Guard. She was captured by the bandits.  
She has a shield with a special sigil- striking a boulder.

We head out to track down a path.  
It’s mid autumn  
We are ambushed by some bugbears

Juneberry pockets 8 gold and a talisman with an emblem of some bandit gang.  
Soten recognizes it’s the same symbol as the ones that raided the encampment.  
We find tracks to the south.   
We discuss options: we could pretend to be part of them and bring Soten as captive, or cast invisibility on them

It’s nighttime, but we’ve arrived at the bandit camp. Soren makes Soten invisible.  
June leads the way, we encounter some undead.  
A woman is with them, tells “Gerald” to go over to her undead brother.  
She is elven, graceful but janky as well- like a marionette.  
June convinces her we’re here to join them.   
“Richard” the ghoul goes off to notify the other bandits.

A joyous looking dragonborn comes up with the undead.  
Marigold- the elven woman, necromancer  
June manages to convince the dragonborn we really are here as muscle.

As we head to camp, we notice a dwarven woman in a cage with a shield.  
Soten recognizes her as Loralai, the dwarf.

There are some wagons that kobolds are tying up. There may be people inside…  
Dragonborn describes this as collateral- they are the captured dwarfs\!

Soren gets charmed, June puts a knife at the dragonborns throat.  
He knows Soten is invisible and asks for it to be revealed in exchange for dropping charm.  
Soren drops concentration revealing Soten, dragonborn drops charmed.

We’re in initiative, trying to avoid a big fight. It’s not going well- Soren attacks.  
Dumo tries to cast Spike Growth but is counterspelled by the necromancer elf.

We end the session mid-fight
