# Session: 2024-01-04

“As things progress as they are, the Regent will kill that girl by her next birthday”  
Jan 31st is her birthday; it’s mid-November  
The team discusses a plan

We get a letter from Nevermore offering to meet with her.  
We go to meet her.  
Zarali \- the rogue we met in the kobold encounter  
She’s been recruited by Nevermore, a bit of a body guard and threat detector.

The Raven’s Den \- Nevermore’s parlor  
An old gambling den

Two options- loud or calming the Regent to allow for a quieter scenario

She pulls out a sketch of the Regent before an altar- a beast with wings  
It looks like a dragon; a proto-drake or a wyvern

Regent is a follower of Bahamut- the platinum dragon  
He may be using that affiliation for more nefarious means  
Metallic dragons- good, Chromatic dragons- bad (Tiamat)

The shrine does not look like Bahamut’s temple in the city  
May be towards the south, across the Divide  
Regent has been purchasing crystallized amethyst  
Southern Andor- cults, if encased in crystallized, bathed in dragon fire, can become dragon-creature  
Could he be trying to transform the queen?

The Divide  
Religious \- sinners on the other side  
Arcane \- two spellcasters, too many 9th level spells  
No one agrees on the real cause  
North- temperate, pastoral  
South- Florida

Disrupting the supply of amethyst, or the stockpile is out of the question.  
Perhaps investigating Hollow Mountain and the supply of metal for her smiths?  
Could it be getting active again? Letters sent have not received responses.  
Would take \~4-5 days to get there.  
This would help Nevermore arm her militia faster.

While out, Nevermore could dig up information on extracting the queen.  
We all take 100 gold (Juneberry takes an extra 100, because thief)

She gives us a scroll and oval stone- a sending stone  
Stone is 1 use per day, only on the surface. The scroll is more powerful.  
We need to ask the blacksmith for a contact.

Gnash and Dumo go to Thomas the smith to get contact: James  
He doesn’t like to be called James, though- not his real dwarven name  
Short fellow with dark hair, red tassel on center of beard weave  
Thomas’s daughter asks about a suspicious rabbit and a bird, they stole the ledger (which is what Juneberry stole with Soren’s help)

We buy a few rings of protection (Juneberry gets poison resistance)  
Juneberry also buys a bag of holding  
And we buy a horse and cart (Soren pays for it- 65 g)  
Counterspell scroll is worth 200g, Soren buys it

We set off for the Hollow Mountain
