# Session: 2024-02-15

Dungeon Draft \- application for making maps

Water is brackish; may be clearer farther out.  
Soren asks about breathing underwater.  
Dumo could help us breathe, but it takes a long rest to prepare for this.

3 boats- Gnash, Soren \+ Soten, June \+ Dumo  
We spot a few merfolk, one dives underwater  
Dumo grants us water breathing

Soren casts message and gets back: “The priestess waits below”  
We go for a swim down about 60 feet  
We start seeing buildings very far away

We spot a shark and some crab people, fight or flight?  
We start swimming down to run away  
The baddies catch up and start hurting us bad.

We fled the battle by diving to 100 ft, Gnash can swim fast and had grappled the shark. Dumo turned into a shark and Soren used Gust of Wind to propel himself and June down. Dumo gave Soren and June a shark ride down. Soten could dash down without issue.

We reach the village and communicate via message.  
The priestess can heal us after the sermon.  
There is a deep, reverberating chanting.  
A force connects to our mind- the noise becomes words, a song.

“The beasts of the land have taken much from us. \[...\]  
The tides forgive. The tides remember, but they do not hold grudges. \[...\]”  
Sounds like the priestess is asking for peace, but a queen is present and saying the opposite.

Pirate gang- the crab people we fought

Priestess casts mass cure wounds and heals most of our injuries.  
The Queen used to be reasonable, but ever since the great quake she has become restless and more aggressive.

The “pale skins” attacked- likely the goblins

The Queen is mustering an army- may be ready by cave light  
They are confused about the quakes as well.

We take a short rest and prepare to visit the queen; the priestess had a summon so she’ll take us there.
