# Session: 2024-04-11

2 weeks later

Gnash’s Halberd is on a mantle in the Adventurer’s Guild  
5000 gold, split 1666g evenly in 3  
Soren now has 1606g, after spell costs

We throw a retirement party for Dumo  
He’s envoy to the elves of the Bone Forest

The Adventurer’s Guild is super busy, the region is unstable so there’s lots of jobs to be had.

Nevermore is “Regent Advisor”   
Tesselia is sort of in charge, but still under-age

Nevermore comes to answer some questions  
She knows the “being” in the device that held Tesselia. Knows “secret codes”  
Her skin goes dark gray in a moment with a blink. She is a changeling.  
She is acquainted with Tesselia’s mother. She is long-lived.  
Sheep Boom’s device is similar, coded to biology

There are ruins under the castle, with this strange technology

Maggie gestures to 3 new people that join  
Nevermore and Maggie seem to have some other quest going on

Tirin \- Sonja  
Shar \- Zar  
Tsuki \- Mochi  
Soren has a new familiar- Gnashy

We’re handed a quest

Patron owner of North Shire Inn \- fancy “budget” inn in Upper District  
Someone dashed and ran, at the same time:  
Murder at bordello next door: Lordlings Bordello  
Requesting investigation. Will get 500g

Soren buys Shocking Grasp scroll  
Also a Flame Tongue Rapier (requires attunement)

Shopeek offers a manual of Cure Wounds (5000 g)  
Anyone can write a manual, but the spell is forever lost (except for Wizards)  
Takes a week and 8th level spell cost  
Shopeeker is waiting for a letter re: the goblin device

Soren is down to 756g; needs to attune the rapier and scribe the scroll

We enter the North Shire Inn  
We’re led to the room the person who dashed away was staying at  
Someone changed the lock and trapped

There is a chest under the bed that they tried to hide quickly  
Seems normal, June tries to unlock it  
It has an intricate revolver lock, but June gets it open

It has a blade: well-crafted short sword  
Some documents in Thieves’ Cant

- One is a hit contract: the mark has been removed because it was successful  
- Separate document, shorthand cant between 2 people  
  - “Better have my cure” “I’m running out of time”

The sword has a maker’s mark

- Shar knows it’s from a smithy out west  
- From Port Alteral, western bank of the Divide

Bed was last used maybe 3 days ago

We go to the Lordling’s Bordello  
Amelia may have seen something the night of the murder

We go upstairs, there are 2 city guards that were investigating the room.  
Amelia (aka Emma) is by the door.  
Under the bed- a bundled up mass of bloody clothes  
A nobleman’s clothes  
Blood relatively dried, paw prints leaving under the bed

Murder was 2 nights ago  
A regular patron was killed, confidentiality can’t reveal the name  
They were with Amelia, but she left for refreshments and then he was dead  
Some crashing, but not unusual

No body was found

We tried Suggestion and Charm Person, but that didn’t quite work out  
She wants a bribe

Shar wonders at werekin, but not clear if that’s the situation here. Maybe a potion?   
The paw prints are canine in nature

Tsuki notices Amelia wears a very fancy ring, maybe magical  
Soren hands over 70g as a bribe  
Lord Edminton, a wealthy merchant, supplies spell components  
Gave her the ring  
Tsuki re-investigates the ring and it's different\!  
June steals the ring and Soren’s money back

Edminton’s Supplies- works in gems  
Soren has heard of him, but that’s about it

Ring of Mind Shielding \- protects from charm effects  
A Rakshasa?

Emma leaves, later on we hear banging and open a nearby door.  
It’s Emma\! Tied up, gagged and really hurt.  
She has a bunch of scars and claw marks.  
She saw the attacker- it looked like her.  
June gives her a healing potion. Tirin shouts for help.

Tsuki returns the ring to Emma.  
We talk to the guard  
Body (what’s left of it) was removed yesterday

Our investigation is resolved- for now  
Soren and Tirin will have a duel to see who’s the better fighter.
