# Session: 2025-07-03

We continue exploring the keep. Ogra and Melody get paralyzed by Hold Person as they explore a room. We go in to fight some wights and a flaming skull. We clear them out.

We keep exploring and eventually find a lich-like figure in a throne room. He gestures us in and the door locks behind us.  
He hasn't ascended to lich yet. He says it's his keep.

Bo- name of the creature next to the lich  
The other keep has poisoned water and is not good for living things.  
(Zinjaro had asked if he would give his keep to us)

He wants to pit us against some creature and will reward us if we win.  
He seems to be honest about us being allowed to leave if we don’t agree to fight.  
We file out to a room overlooking the garden where some basilisks are (they are ushered away).

A giant skeleton fellow shows up. That’s who we are meant to fight.  
Lich fellow wants to call it Greg.  
He tosses a bag of 15 coins to Brambleberry. These are very old coins- dracoshillings. Diamond dracoshillings, the largest denomination. The first currency used in Drakenweld.  
They are 50 gold-worth of diamonds each, but to a collector they would be worth a ton more. They are very rare.

He has a lot more coin to offer if we fight.  
Maxim wants to make an ally of him and even wants to help him attain lichdom. The two clerics are strongly opposed.

We want to call the lich Paul since he won’t tell us his name. He doesn’t like it.

Nashan \- the knight with the lich

We are in agreement- we will fight Greg for the rewards.  
To even the fight, Nashan will fight with Greg but not kill us. He is very loyal and unkillable.
