# Session: 2025-08-14

We wake up in the morning in a castle room  
In walks an elf-looking person. She speaks in elvish and asks for us to follow. Maxim is naked in the bath by the window.

The elf person is tall, but just shy of Ogra. She has a long, spindly sword. Her helmet has no eye slits.

Alisha Tower, the princess, is also accompanying us to the throne room.  
At the throne is an older woman, mid-late 50s.  
She is pleased when Maxim bows.

Brambleberry and Zinjaro notice a death glare to Alicia as she welcomes us (Alisha is used to it). The Queen isn’t particularly pleased that we hosted.

Maxim asks about Mayor Maxwell. We’re told he did not come to the palace.  
Aolis asks for resources, but pretending not to be of the nobility.

We’re not granted leave to explore the castle and keep using the room. The Queen wants us out to talk to Alisha.  
We are ushered to a dining room and fed. Aolis and Bramble attempt to eavesdrop. The Queen is reprimanding Alisha, she was supposed to have arrived hours ago, we days ago, etc etc.  
Bramble hears more: Alisha wants to be on the frontline and the Queen doesn’t want that- she wants her to take her place. “Why are you so much like him?” “Because he’s where we should be”

A swift movement and the sound of blunt metal hitting flesh.  
Aolis hears this, slams the door open, and bursts into the room.  
Everything appears fine…  
Aolis asks for the bathroom to cover up and Alisha leads her away.

There is a tall elvish man with a black cloak with stars. Some kind of tutor to Alisha.  
In the bathroom, Aolis and Alisha talk. She claims nothing happened, but Aolis notices blood read flecks in her hair.  
Alisha declines wine in the morning saying she has to attend her lessons.

Zinjaro asks about the plans and asks the nobles if they’ve seen the mayor. Ogra asks about informants: there is an underground network of informants.  
Zinjaro suggests making fliers. Maxim makes an illusion and Zinjaro uses scrying.  
Zinjaro sees a snowy field but the connection is severed. He could be underground or anywhere.

Professor Namthyis Au’ren- the elf tutor  
Aolis recognizes this as a very old name- “Of the Stars”  
The Professor guesses that Maxim and Aolis are sorcerers and Zinjaro is a cleric of Sol’Ar

Alisha is to study astronomy  
As Professor and Alisha leave, he drops down a note with arcane symbols by Maxim.  
¾ complete: “Add Fire”  
Aolis goes to the brazier and hovers it over the fire  
Letters start to appear: “I have a contact in the underground network, your rogue individual can likely also find them. Mention: The Professor’s Novel”

We head to town to the Artificer’s Guild to pick up Thadius.  
He had finished crafting some shotgun knuckles.  
It has a pair of fire cartridges, but can craft different types on a rest.

Maxim asks Bramble about centaurs  
Centaurs live in Testro Plains and Imperial Steppes  
He also brings up changelings and them being fey

We head to the lowest level and Bramble asks around- she gets a hit.   
There is a little racoon guy. She asks about Mayor Maxwell.  
He knows him, but he hasn’t entered town. He uses a magic tablet to communicate with others.  
Sounds like he went west instead of east at the fork.  
He asks for a favor- to check out some of his folk out west. He gives Bramble a smooth stone with 2 indents- one red, one green. It’s a one-way signal stone: green is guys are there, red is guys are not there.
