# Session: 2025-04-10

Town is ruled by a Mayor, who is also a wizard and Archmagus. “Purely a coincidence”

Tavern to learn local news: Singing Mandrake  
We are drawing lots of attention.  
We head to the Mandrake to see about selling gear and see if Maxim’s informant is there.

We see a “young child” with a newspaper: Harry Teller  
He’s a halfling, but dresses to pass as a child

The weapons we have to sell aren’t that good; may be able to sell as scrap for melting.  
Lady Everdine has been quiet; ask inside for Cassie.

Newspaper: 2nd factory on fire today. Acceptable casualties (generally \<70, but the papers never report numbers).

On the side, Aolis overhears a conversation with a man (Bob) trying to woo a lady with some pearls. She refuses him. Aolis gives her a ration.

We split the party  
Brambleberry, Wobbles, and Maxim go to sell stuff in the cart  
Aolis, Thaddius, and Zinjaro go into the Mandrake

At the Mandrake  
Lots of drunk people, copper-a-day factory workers  
Zinjaro grabs the special: Dirt Water  
He downs it and doesn’t throw up, but does not make the save to get anything better- he gets a bottle of something lighter.  
Cassie is the bartender

At the Foundry  
They sell the swords and bows. Crossbow for 5s.   
They can’t sell the armor since it requires more work.

At the Mandrake  
Harry walks to Aolis and talks to her. Mr. Byren Brimstone has caught her attention and has been staring. He carries a satchel of bottles.  
Aolis gets a pair of the light bottles and walks closer to Mr. Brimstone.  
Brimstone has lots of wine. They start to chat.  
He doesn’t give his true name; says it would set the place ablaze.  
He says he is a “surveyor”. Critical of the lower peoples.  
He offers Aolis a glass of wine. They sip and have a weird moment of fear and then it passes.  
Dark Arcane surrounding the ~~Faire?~~ City  
He makes weird statements about him and his brethren, how they haven’t been able to achieve what the city has  
He casts Dominate Person on a random person in the tavern and goes upstairs. Aolis follows.  
He takes off his hat and has horns. He snaps the neck of the random person he has taken. The neck snaps back and she seems to be alive.  
Tell me friend: Peep behind the wall? Heard the shadows sing? The demons might prevail?   
Aolis finally realizes she is talking to a demon trying to collect her soul. They were drinking liquid souls.  
She casts Message to Thaddius asking for help and Zin and Thaddius rush upstairs.   
The door is locked but Thaddius breaks it open. Aolis has been paralyzed by Hold Person. Brimstone draws something out (her soul?).  
The Away crew arrive and don’t know where we are.  
Thaddius fires at Brimstone breaking the wall, the noise alerts the away crew.  
He pulls out a pocket watch and vanishes.

Aolis is un-paralyzed, they are groggy and can’t remember much. They feel emptier.  
Zinjaro doesn’t know much about demons. He knows that they can take souls, but mainly as offered, not taken by force.  
A soulless person is still fine, just that if they die they don’t go to the afterlife.

Zinjaro casts Scrying at Brimstone, who fails the save. He is moving. He is corking a bottle which glows a dark purple color. Face with hands that fade into the bottle.   
He is sitting in a carriage. Can’t see outside too well, but see large shadows like buildings. Brimstone appeared happy and excited for the new bottle.  
He has a stone in his other hand. “An agreement was necessary reached, but knowing what we know it's better this way. Yes, Mr. Manager”

Scrying for Zinjaro is a small, fist-sized ball that he can look into. It sits in a small magic circle on the floor and he sees and hears through it.

Harry thinks Brimstone may have been responsible for some fires.  
Mr. Manager is also known as the Overseer. They are out West.  
Sometimes folks North also interact with them, Maxim could use his reputation there as well.

“Demons walk the streets”
