# Session: 2025-04-17

It’s dusk and the bakery may be closed.  
We’ll have to visit in the morning.

We go visit Maxim’s home to spend the night there. It’s in the East and a mansion.  
A stablehand takes the cart and horses.

Olga the maid  
The Master is out, but Mother is home  
15-foot ceilings, but very fancy

Mother is a wood elf and very tall, like 7-8 feet. She’s having dinner.  
Maxim has been gone a week or so  
Maxim has a brother that was sent north to investigate the old forts  
Lady Everdine has been having meetings with those “up on the hill” (mage college)  
We get served fancy wine and a small banquet

Maxwella \- mother’s name  
Maxim was going to be named for her, but turns out he wasn’t a girl

A maid brings out a small box with some kind of lamp  
From clockworkers  
It’s an old-school photography box; Maxwell takes a picture of us at the table  
Artificers Clockworkers Guild in North part of town

Wobbles mention his mom tried to eat him  
We go upstairs to Maxim’s room  
He hides a novel he was working on. It’s about a man who could change shape.

Maxim usher’s us out, but asks Aolis to stay behind. She runs out asking for water instead of spending the night with him.  
Aolis ends up in a room with Maxwella who senses something wrong.  
Maxwella has had 4 kids  
They chat about the demon encounter. It’s possible the demon did not take his soul, but rather his capacity for affection.

Zinjaro asks if Thaddius can make one of those picture boxes.  
He’d have to go get a blueprint or spend a lot of time reverse engineering it.

Maxim brings a bedroll down to Aolis and they chat.  
He says he can’t feel anything about Maxim, but for everyone else he can.  
He explains what Maxwella did and how they may be missing emotions related to Maxim.

Aunt Atil (?) got Maxim his boots of elven kind  
Zin asks about a place to perform a ritual spell  
The place has a gazebo. And used to have a hedge maze, but Maxim burned it down

Zinjaro starts a ritual: Commune. It’s very simple, he sits in the sunlight cross-legged and meditates, mumbling under his breath.  
Has Aolis’ ability to feel emotions been removed? \- Not necessarily, but something specific has been stripped away  
Soul still fully in their body? Yes  
Byren Brimstone, are they currently in the West Side of City Moren? Unclear (maybe they are using an alias)

Maxwella has never met the Overseer, but has heard about them. They usually use intermediaries
