# Session: 2025-10-23

It’s fight time with the vampire spawns and will-o’-wisps  
Daylight is effective- they take 20 damage each turn. Combined with Turn Undead and a careful Fireball we make short work of them.

We’re all pretty badly hurt, but we continue exploring a bit. Maxim wants to know where the original vampires may have gone.

Aolis goes back to investigate some cairns.  
He pushes some stones and finds a naked adult body. Well-preserved, there is no decomposition.   
Two are girls in sleeping gowns. Those two still have some color, but are still dead.

The ghost with us goes to the grave of a woman. She points to her stomach.  
Ogra and Zinjaro investigate the corpses.  
No immediate causes of death. They are in rigor, muscles are tight, but no decay- something is keeping them fresh.  
Ogra notices each corpse has 2 pinprick holes in the back of the skull.

Vampirism requires ingesting vampire blood, not being bitten.  
There might be other ways- church is researching.  
Basic vampire knowledge.

The bites look very small, maybe a young vampire?  
The dead girls have bites but in the left/right collarbones instead of the back of the skull. Those are also a bit larger.

Zinjaro uses Speak with Dead via Divine Intervention  
How did you die? Ambushed..  
Who ambushed you? Couldn’t see.. Dark.. wet..  
Did others die with you at the same time? Didn’t see anyone…  
Were you a villager? Yes, ran paint store with wife and daughter  
Did you know about the weird paintings underneath the house? …Weird? My daughter was the artist…  
The spell fades.

Some backstory: Ogra had fought infernals to defend his tree

We go get some rest in the room back by the piano.
