# Session: 2025-10-09

We finished the fight with 3 of us petrified. B team arrives to help us.  
Taylor un-petrifies 2 of us, Zinjaro does the last.  
She demands 200 gold for the diamond dust. Maggie reprimands her, but Maxim does pay her.

Aolis asks about demons chasing Danyel.  
Danyel is looking for something, but can’t find it.   
A “soul cage”- something that can be used to take control of one  
Maxim asks about it. She takes out a black, metallic box with arcane glyphs. Maxim grabs it and it is very heavy- 30-40 pounds.  
There is a living soul in them.

Maxim tries to convince B team to join them, but they want to sleep in real beds.  
Maxim and Maggie refers to us as fantasy land, but Ogra, Zin, and Aolis disagree. We have a side conversation about how those two are fantasy.

Lavelor hands Aolis a set of teleportation runes: home and “his” house  
This is for Teleportation Circle.  
B team leaves.

We continue on our way. Maxim and Zinjaro take a short rest.  
We have a choice- mountain pass or small town ruins? We decided to go to the small town.

Maxim and Zinjaro have a brief chat about the Net. It’s not quite the same concept as the Wall that SolAr hand mentioned, but maybe related? It may be related to capturing souls for power (electricity).

We arrive at the town. Perfectly normal houses, but seems empty.  
We investigate the town. It’s as if people just vanished.  
There is food that seems OK, but we are suspicious.

Zinjaro casts See Invisibility but sees nothing. Maxim can’t find illusions. Brambleberry eats a roll- it’s fine.  
Several us walk into a “high end home” (a blank room with that written in the floor)

Maxim goes around using spells to break down doors and explore. He is in a tavern and rummages around for 3 hours. He does find a small lockbox.  
The rest of the team goes elsewhere.

Aolis explores on their own and sees something out of the corner of their eyes. Something feminine with long hair…

Zinjaro through the See Invisibility sees a floating woman, partially transparent, and frigid.  
Zinjaro uses Turn Undead making her briefly visible to everyone. The ghost goes through the wall. The rest of the team goes there to try to talk to her while Zinjaro stands back.  
Aolis takes a whip and lightly hits her to break her off the Turn Undead effect. The ghost takes a whip from a table and does the same thing to Aolis. The ghost doesn’t speak, just giggles.  
When asked how long ago, she puts up two hands and then 2 more hands appear to indicate how long.  
She nods when asked if there are more like her.  
Three more ghosts appear (Thadius had seen them outside).   
They all look somewhat young, none older than 28\. The first ghost is maybe 10\.

The first ghosts seemingly asks to take possession of Aolis.  
He elects to fail to allow the possession.  
She is now able to communicate via Aolis.  
It got very cold. All the adults went away.   
Something about an army and a portal. Then the monsters came.  
The monsters haven’t been back recently.

They don’t seem to know what food is. They say the building is empty. Apparently they don’t see the same way while dead.  
Aolis shunts the ghost out of themselves and feels freezing now.  
The ghost goes to the paint shop.

Maxim returns to the group and Bramble opens the lockbox.  
A pouch. A brass ring- a child’s sized ring.   
Two pieces of paper- ledges.   
They say something about the paint shop and how they should fulfill the requests regardless of how odd it may sound.

Aolis investigates the table the ghost is hovering next to.   
It’s a trapdoor with a ladder that extends all the way down.  
We head down into what looks like a crypt with the ghost.
