# Session: 2025-08-28

We continue our fight against the Marilith.  
She summons a pair of Hezrou- froglike demons to even the fight.

Alisha smites the Marilith demons.  
We take care of the demons and they flake away to dust.

Alisha mentions has seen that demon twice in the past year. She mentions they are being re-summoned faster

The Indomatous (?)-- giant ship being constructed by the artificers  
We continue to the cave so we can reach the waterways.

We reach the waterway, there is a ship and a lot of blood and bodies.  
The corpses have been dead for maybe a week, some of them half-eaten, especially if close to the water.

Brambleberry presses the red button to signal the other rogues and discards the stone. This was a favor for a favor.

Zinjaro uses Divine Intervention to cast Raise Dead and revive an eladrin that doesn’t look as badly mangled as the others.  
He tries to grab a crossbow bolt, but we prevent him. He collapses and starts crying.  
He tries to bash his own head but we stop him.

Maxim telepathically communicates but all he hears is screaming.  
Zin attempts to heal him but he still clutches his side (likely has some body parts missing). He mutters “the screams”  
We leave him alone.

Maxim scavenges around the boxes; finds some whiskey.  
Boxes with coiled serpent symbols are accounted for and we shouldn’t touch them. Fortunately, this one hasn’t been marked.

This is the Godsway- the waterways underneath the tundra  
In the past it was said Drakenweld had rivers of magic. The Godsway is the place where the veil between realms of man and gods are the thinnest.

We discussed whether it’s safer to rest on the boat than on land where all the people died.   
We get on the boat and get on the way.  
The water glows with bioluminescence.

Something draws Aolis to the edge of the boat… some distant memories…  
She remembers the escape from the house.  
Nemill \- helped them escape  
15 at the start of the escape, 3 at the end. The others were picked off by driders. One separates out and faces the driders to give them more time. It’s just Nemill and Aolis now.  
The drider makes short work of him and continues the pursuit.  
They see the boat in the distance, but Aolis trips and falls.  
Nemill raises her up and tells her to go to the boat. He goes off to face the drider to give her time. She reaches the boats and hears the screams as the driders kill Nemill.  
Her vision returns to the Godsway. She hears what sounds like a faint chuckle.
