# Session: 2025-11-13

We head out of the village towards the city.   
We camp at night, planning to reach the city the next day.

Ogra sees a group of demonic people in the night. They notice us, but just continue walking by. Thadius is also keeping watch. They decide to let them go without intervening.  
Aolis and Maxim take the second shift. Aolis hears the sees two large wagons being pulled by nothing. Two individuals in the front of the cart. They also seem disinterested in our group- they are going in the same direction as the prior group. This is towards the city.   
He uses Maxim’s spyglass to get a closer look at the two people. One is a succubus. The other is masculine with ram horns, seems very bored. Aolis debates sneaking up to the wagons.  
The full group gets woken up.

We decide to use Thadius’s homunculus to have them on the cart and have it communicate what’s going on. Bramble sneaks up to the cart to take the homunculus there. The big guy did spot them, but didn't do anything about it.

The next day the homunculus reports they have been stopped for a while. The two are in a building chatting. The wagon has carts of food and some metals.

Maxim turns into an Incubus to blend in.  
Maxim tries a Sending but it fails- it’s as if something intercepted it and blocked it. We decide against a Scrying suspecting it will also fail.  
We go up to the city and reach its ruins at midday.

There doesn’t appear to be people but there is a big hole in the wall.

We cross over  
Brambleberry, Maxim, Zinjaro notice the change: a wave of magic, but it’s more like the tech-magic of Maxim’s training.  
We are now in what looks like a modern-day city. A pit fiend with skinny jeans is just trimming some trees. There is a road system with some demons that are half-scorpions. It’s also warm- like 73 degrees.

We see a cafe-like place. There are humans serving folks. They have aprons but their clothing is weird. This is Wendy’s Coffee, functionally a Starbucks. A bored employee takes our order.  
Zinjaro looks around- no one seems to care who we are or what we’re doing. They can take new and old currency. It’s 14 gold for a couple of drinks and sweets. 

Maxim says this is his time but with demons instead of people. He tells us about automobiles.  
While eating, Zinjaro casts Scrying. He sees the ruined city from above. He notices a magical dome that has stopped his spell. Reminds him of transmutation mixed with illusion.  
It’s like he locked onto the Mayor but something has grabbed his vision and moved it out.   
Maxim recalls experiments of holoprojectors in his time. Those were small though, not like the entire city- that would take way more energy.  
Doesn’t explain the demons.
