# Session: 2025-06-05

Byren has nothing of value in his corpse.

Ogra touches the metal cube from the Overseer- it snaps open and a screen shows up  
It is a Porta Fabricator Mark 4\!  
Ogra tries random numbers and it keeps beeping. We need a password for it.  
It retracts and Ogra stores it.

Thadius examines it. It’s a cube, as a human you need two hands to lift it. Solid black material. Polished very smooth. No visible hinge.

Maxim knows what it is and has used it before.

We head downstairs, things are pretty normal- the music covered the noise of battle.  
Maxim dances with her mom and communicates the news of Byren’s and the Overseer’s death telepathically.  
Zinjaro downs some wine quickly as the group heads out.

There are no more snacks. Aolis is super sad.

We return to Maxim’s manor and we Aolis’s gets some finger foods. Two servants are behind Aolis constantly replenishing their plates.

We discuss the consequences of Overseer’s death. Seems like Maxwella wants to fill in some of what they did. There would be conflict if they try to do everything, though.

Some people may have seen us go upstairs, though they may have been drunk. Not clear if there will be consequences of that.

Things will be about the same for the common folk. Zinjaro shows some concern and while Maxim says people are free to leave, it’s clear not many do.

There’s no relationship between Mayor Maxwell and Lady Maxwella. There is some trade, but not really her business.

Ogra is happy with how the battle went.  
We split up to take a rest. Maxim and Aolis to Maxim’s bedroom. Maxwella and Thadius head to the den, the others to the upstairs room.

Privately, Maxim and Aolis have a chat. Her love emotion has returned. They kiss and continue to chat.  
Maxim reveals his changeling form.  
He was “Number Nine” in a series of test subjects; it’s where he got his psychic powers. His goal was to come to this time period and take positions of power along with his people, but he has found none of these people. They abused him and his siblings so he doesn’t care about that anymore.  
He admits he killed the real Maxim when he was 12 and took his place. Maxim looks down shamefully as Aolis says he still loves him.  
Aolis is shocked, but understanding and sees the good in him.  
We fade to black.

While sleeping, Maxim experiences sharp pain and paralysis.  
Aolis awakes to a very familiar voice.  
There is a small clap. The right hand of his mother is here.   
“How very drow of you, Arete. It is your name chosen by the matron mother. Are you coming with us quietly?”  
There is a male drow behind Maxim with a knife to his neck.  
Far away from a warren or foxhole (not sure what that means)  
“Gregory” thought they would be harder to find.  
“Flesh changers are enjoying his addition to the pits”  
Aolis is the heir and “mother misses you oh so much”.  
“Can I at least say goodbye?”

Aolis hands Maxim his sensory stone but as they do, the door flings open and Maxwella walks in. She casts Banishment at 9th level, most of the drow vanish.  
She flicks her wrist and Maxim is no longer paralyzed. She orders the matron mother (a title, not Aolis’s real mother) out. Maxim tries to cast a Psychic Lance but she resits.  
The Drow matron mother casts some weird spell and vanishes.  
The other drow do not return having been banished enough time.

Aolis sinks to the floor and starts hyperventilating.   
Aolis’ secrets are catching up to them. They are the child of the matron, the ruler of the drow. He didn’t want any part of that and left.

Thadius tinkers with the cube and manages to figure out the password. It’s meant to connect to a larger device but not sure what.

The sensory stone has senses of Aolis’s home: confusion, cruelty, anger, and shame.

We all go down and have breakfast and talk about the upcoming journey. Thadius has cooking tools so we should buy meal ingredients.

Thadius produces the cube and starts it up. He uses the single profile- admin. It has a list of recipes and has 500 material scrap.

Maxim says he knows about the cube, Zinjaro senses there’s more to the story. He saves this information for later.
