# Session: 2024-04-11

New player: Billy playing Villhelm Emberstoke, a dragonborn monk

Dinner is served, mostly breads and preserves. A few slices of meat and a lot of alcohol. It’s not a lot of food.

Tsuki, the cat person, returns and hands something to Maggie and then goes to have a drink with her friends, Soten and Shar.

Maggie comes over telling us we have a meeting set in a few days.
She brings over the new person- Villhelm.
We have a small job for the moment.

Small groups around the city. Haven’t heard from one. 
We need to find and rescue them.

We go to another part of town, it’s raining and we see some dead bodies in a tavern. Bramble steals from them.

Aolis goes off on his own and gets surrounded. Cybernetic enemies (robots) draw pistols on them.
They ask for his name and position but don’t find him in their records.

We try to find Aolis. Maxim and Bramble see them, but hide. They send a Message cantrip to stay away so we can see where they lead Aolis to.
He manages to persuade them to avoid noticing the spell cast.

Maxim goes invisible and follows. The rest of us follow a bit at a distance to avoid detection.
Aolis gets branded with some kind of chip on their hand and gets put in a room. Maxim rushes through the door before it closes behind Aolis.

The robots outside are doing some kind of sweep of the houses.

Aolis gets told to put their hand on the table, they obey and it gets warm. A screen flickers to life and it produces a 3D copy of Aolis. 
There are words that only Maxim can read: “Identity Profile logged.”
Another robot walks in and starts filing a report about the sweep.

Ogra hears banging from around the corner and tries to communicate with Ras.
While this happens Zinjaro wanders out to the street and gets spotted by the robots. They ask for identification and he just says Maggie North, tavern keeper. They declare he is a known dissident and start combat! Oops.

The robot tells Aolis to stay where they are, but they get up and summon their hound of ill omen.
A flash bomb stuns and blinds Villhelm. 
Zinjaro throws a Fireball, but then gets grappled and handcuffed. Zinjaro is under arrest.
