# Session: 2025-01-23

A new party featuring Zinjaro the cleric of So-Lar\!

Wobbles Wibbles \- Kobold, monk (Zarmonger)  
Brambleberry \- Centaur, rogue/ranger (Ras)  
Thadius \- Giff, artificer (Sonja)  
Maximus Arkelius \- Changeling, sorcerer (Hunter)  
Aolis \- Elf, sorcerer (Koi)

We are in Helines, Gateway to the Testro Plains  
Music is banging

Magical gearing  
We get 10 points for purchasing magic items  
Common \- 1  
Uncommon \- 2  
Rare \- 3   
Can’t purchase above rare

Zinjaro has the following items:

* **Cloak of Protection**, uncommon, attunement  
* **Helm of Comprehending Languages**, uncommon  
* **Mithral scale armor**, uncommon  
* **Ring of Water Walking**, uncommon  
* **Tankard of Sobriety**, common  
* **Amulet of the Devout**, uncommon is \+1, attunement

Brambleberry (centaur) and Wobbles (kobold) are going to join the horse races….  
Wobbles really wants to race, but is not allowed- he’s not a horse.  
Maximus is investigating to see if Bramble is fat

Maximus and Zinjaro enjoy wine and small talk. They beat 50g each on Brambleberry.  
Brambleberry wins\! We each earn 100g (Brambleberry earns 200g)

Wobbles still wants to race.  
A fancy man comes by to talk to Wobbles- Lucious, Mayor’s brother (acting mayor while the actual one is in Drakenweld)  
He allows Wobbles and Brambleberry to race

Thadius is testing his firearm out in the field, it is heard across the city  
Maxim and Zinjaro go investigate.  
Guards ask him to fire quieter weapons.

Aolis is asleep (trance)- did not wake up from the gunshot

Wobbles and Brambleberry race, Bramble falls. Wobbles help her get up instead of winning.

Maxim asks about Thadius’s gun.  
Maxim says he’s from the north and mentions a town- lots of wizards. Thadius has never heard of it.  
Thadius is a bounty hunter. Giff are from northern andore.

We head to the guild hall. All of us are new except for Maxim and Thadius, though they aren’t guild members.
