# Session: 2025-04-24

We head to the bakery in the Northern district.  
Wobbles stays behind, something in the chateau is calling to him. Zinjaro insight checks him but he is legitimately drawn to something.

We reach a fancy market.  
Aolis approaches an exotic fruit market, oranges from Northern Andore, mangoes from Southern Andore. He recognizes them, but hasn’t had them.

The bakery is too small for Brambleberry; she has to stay aside and frequently blocks the door  
Zin buys a set of 6 eclairs for 5 gold  
Aolis buys 12 fruit tarts (2 varieties)  
Maxim buys 6-pack of toaster strudels

Maxwella pings Maxim via message: meeting with Lindsey as soon as possible. Lindsey’s Laundries in the North district

Before that, we head to the artificer guild. Very brass and steampunk-y.  
An artificer with the guardian-style armor approaches, recognizing that Thaddius is an artificer.  
Thadius has never been thrilled with joining guilds  
It would cost 400g for blueprints to the camera so he can make it now.

While we wait for Thadius to copy it, the rest of us are in the lobby. Aolis goes and touches everything. There’s some fancy gear switching diorama mechanism. He touches it and causes it to lock up. Artificers converge to try and fix it.  
As they back away, a robot spider of sorts appears to have caught them on camera.

We head to Lindsey’s Laundries  
We’re led to a sparse room for a meeting with Lindsey  
We’re trying to get in contact with the Overseer  
She recognizes the name Byren Brimstone

While we wait, we unlock a door and head downstairs  
There are some digital lockboxes. Maxim touches them but they don’t open.  
There are some normal looking briefcases that look like they can be switched out as part of some theft.  
There is a small library. Most of them are blank, they look like regular books but are made for switch-outs.  
Bramble investigates some very fancy items under glass. She picks the lock but finds a trap she can disable. It’s a very fancy crystal, but it’s fake.

Aolis just starts grabbing stuff and gets hit by a poison dart.  
Thadius gets hit by a cannonball, Zin dodges it.  
A fight is triggered\!
