# Session: 2025-06-12

We set off north towards Drakenweld.  
The gates to the north are heavily fortified against dragon attacks. It’s made of steel and stone. It’s one of the largest buildings in the city.

We leave via a smaller door in the gates.  
We are in the Wastes, a mainly depopulated region between the mountains. There are lots of abandoned castle ruins due to the dragons. Only Moren remains because of the wizards (and the gates).

There is a pass through the Drakenweld mountains.  
There used to be a dragon problem but there is a Treaty with them.  
A giant gate opened up and demons came out. Now it has a demon problem. The only reason we know about the portal is because a dragon flew there, came back, and in its dying breath told others about it.

There are two big keeps by the pass that predate civilization. They are newer than Maxim, but older than everything else. They are known as the Gates.

Scouting report says undead have been spotted in the Wastes

We set up camp. It’s probably going to take 4-6 days to get to the Gates.   
Maxim continuously changes the color of the campfire.

In the first watch, Maxim and Thadius see a glass dome with an hourglass inside. They touch it and the hourglass turns. A rune appears and metal items come out- necklaces, rings, etc. These trinkets appear generally broken and worthless.  
The rune gets larger and angry red as the sand falls from the hourglass. The glass dome is stuck to the ground so they can’t reach the hourglass.  
The rune is that of an explosion, the larger- the bigger the area of the explosion. Maxim gets the feeling one of the trinkets resonates with the rune. They both find it in unison with double natural 20s.  
The sand stops (the hourglass is on its side). The glass dome, rune, and trinket dissolve.   
It’s a largish hourglass; designed to count for 8 minutes.  
It doesn’t appear to be magical in and of itself, but is made of gold. Worth 2400 gp. The sand itself might have more gold. Maxim stores it in his bag of holding.

Aolis and Zinjaro take the second watch.  
We notice floating lights about 3 feet from the ground. We hear soft music.  
As they get closer, they appear to bounce. They seem to be spore-like.  
There are 3 and they appear to move around the campfire.  
They are not magical or fae. They try to make Zinjaro to sleep but he’s able to resist (Aolis is immune to sleep).  
Aolis reaches out and it feels like a mushroom. They are big, the size of a torso.  
We leave them alone and nothing happens.

After a few days of travel we reach the Gates and it starts getting cold.  
There is astone road a bit farther on.

It starts pouring rain so we head inside of the left keep of the Gates to shelter for the night. It’s massive, but ruined.  
There are some tattered banners. Aolis guesses they are from old kingdoms that no longer exist.

Zinjaro summons an Arcane Eye to help them navigate the ruins.  
He finds a campsite with some people around it.  
Maxim steps up and greets them.  
5 women: 2 Humans, tiefling(?), a halfling-sized doll, a satyr(?)  
Maggie (Margarite)  
Melody, Taylor, Wendy, doll is Lavalore (Lavy)  
They’re not with the guild but heading north. They are looking for something but don’t want to get into it.  
They met some hostile ghouls that looked normal but then became horrific.  
Zin gets handed a blackberry goodberry, but he is disappointed it's not a banana.

Aolis has forgotten about the drow attack and does not tell the rest of the party.

We’re warned ghouls are upstairs. The door is barricaded. There is another room that has a bound ghost in there.

Thadius takes out his tinkers’ tools and makes some stone bowls for the stew.

There was a bit of a joke about Maxim going to a doctor's office full of monkeys and Zinjaro remarked and made it sound like his mother is a doctor. This could be something to lean into for backstory.
