# Session: 2025-05-15

While we had been fighting in the laundry room, Wobbles found a dragon egg- crystalline.  
Maxwella, when she was young, had made a deal with a dragon to take care of their eggs. It’s the only one that seems viable now. She asks Wobbles to take the egg home.  
She will teleport Wobbles, but doesn’t know the exact location.  
We will be getting a replacement team member.

There are rumors the Overseer may be at the gala. Likely they are hosting the event.  
Seems random, impromptu gala. We think it might be a trap.

Being held at the Cathedral, in the rich quarter (East)

Ogra Oaksworn   
Path of the World Tree  
He’s an 8 foot tall bear  
He came prepared with a tuxedo  
Been in the guild since 6\. Village has a tradition of sending kids to the guild to help others.  
We introduce ourselves to Ogra

Zinjaro creates Goodberries to share. They are banana berries.

On the way to the gala, Zinjaro casts comprehend languages.  
Thadius prepares some infusions (repeating shot, enhanced defense, homunculus servant). He gives Boots of the Winding Path to Aolis.

We arrive at the Cathedral where the gala is going to be held.  
We check in weapons. Zinjaro can’t smuggle the quarterstaff- they know how it can be used.  
Our armor is smuggled in by Maxwella

Lady Novara Kavash, foreign woman from Drakenweld. She’s chatting with Maxwella.  
Ore contact for Maxim’s family.  
Zinjaro goes to have wine. Aolis and Maxim debate how to get more information.

Brambleberry gets invited to dance. Her partner tells her the Overseer is ready to talk to us upstairs whenever we want. He hands her over to Ogra who manages to dance well enough.
